[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands on Punk Hazard,
[NARRATOR] The mysterious
island is divided in two.
One half burning and
the other half frozen.
I'm not letting them get away.
Room!
[ALL gasp]
Hey. Did you guys just see that?
The air's all murky.
[ALL gasp]
All right, Shambles!
[ALL gasp with different voices]
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
O-Okay. Just calm down!
I know! Let's do roll call!
Chopper!
Here!
Franky!
'Sup!
[NAMI (FRANKY) grunts]
Sanji?
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
I mean, yes?
That means you're... Nami?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Mm-hm!
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
[CREW]
Why did we switch bodies?
[SMOKER] Warlord or not, you've
pushed your luck too far now!
The Op-Op Fruit, huh?
Let's see what it's made of!
[gasps]
Don't let him cut you, men!
Just stay away!
[MARINES gasp]
I don't need you here!
Get outside of the circle!
Wait, what circle?
Look as long as you're
in this vicinity,
you're like a patient
on an operating table!
Law is the Surgeon of Death.
He can control anything within
his operating room at will!
He'll end you!
Stop Tashigi! You can't win!
Your Haki's too weak!
[TASHIGI shouts]
[TASHIGI breathes deeply]
[MARINES]
No, it can't be!
[LUFFY] "A Collision!
Law VS. Vice Admiral Smoker!"
[gasps]
Heh!
[MARINES gasp]
[gasps]
[MARINE M] Wha-- You cut her
clean in half, you sick bastard!
[MARINE H] Hey, uh,
you're still alive, right?
Say something!
[TASHIGI gasps]
[TASHIGI]
Pathetic. Lying here in pieces.
Cut down but left
to live in shame.
[grunts]
Why won't you finish me?
Trafalgar!
Heh.
[grunts]
[LAW] You may wield a sword, but
don't act like you're a master.
Honor is something that
you earn, not beg for.
[grunts]
Weaklings like you don't get
to choose where they die.
[grunts]
[TASHIGI]
Enough!
Your sword can't even
reach me. Don't bother.
[TASHIGI grunts]
You still want to fight?
I can chop you up some more.
[gasps]
Stand back!
If you lay another finger on
our captain, we'll mess you up!
Hey, Captain, don't worry!
We'll see how cocky this bastard
is after we fill him with lead!
--[MARINES shout]
--[MARINE C] The hell...?
How is he shooting at us?
I don't see any gun!
We shot him and he
didn't even budge!
You shot at yourselves,
you bunch of imbeciles.
I switched your bullets
with the falling snow.
Ah! Hey, he's cheating!
That isn't fair!
[MARINE N] Get down! He'll take
your head clean off, man!
[MARINE A]
He cut a damn ship in half!
You can't stop this guy!
[MARINE N] He's too strong!
Get outta there, Captain!
[gasps]
[MARINES]
Captain, no!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[growls]
Yeah! Captain Smokey!
[TASHIGI gasps]
[SMOKER] You may be a Warlord,
but you're still just a pirate.
Don't mess with the Navy.
'Cause I will put you
in your place, boy.
[LAW]
Huh?
[SMOKER shouts]
[gasps]
[LAW] That weapon
you're swinging around.
It's tipped with
sea prism stone.
I could feel it in an instant.
[MARINE B] His ice sculpture--
I mean, our ship is coming down!
I think that's our
cue to run away.
We can't fight him anyway!
We got no business here!
[MARINES shouting]
I don't need to kick your ass,
but if you don't get the
hell out of my way,
I sure will, got it?
Your call, pirate,
so what's it gonna be?
No, Vice Admiral, wait!
He'll be okay!
There's nothing we can do!
It's our fight!
I'm telling you, we're dead
weight right now!
White Blow!
[MARINE C] Outta the circle!
Get outta the circle!
[CENTAURS groan]
We can't beat them.
They're too strong.
Straw Hat and his crew,
they're monsters.
Damn it. And they
took the Boss, too.
What d'we do now?
[CENTAUR D grunts] We...
We gotta rescue him, somehow!
He can't get out of this one
alone and those pirates
are crazy! There's no
telling what they might do!
How are we supposed
to fight, though?
[CENTAUR A grunts] Let's ask
the Master! He'll know!
Anyone who can still stand,
follow me!
[LUFFY]
That noise sure was loud, huh?
I bet it was Sanji.
[LUFFY]
Hey, Crocotaur.
You still don't wanna tell me
where the rest of my crew is at?
Keep dreaming,
but you're not gonna get a
word outta me, all right?
Fine then! But can't you
run faster at least?
My friends could be in
real trouble right now.
We gotta get to that
big building before
someone gets hurt!
Like me? Or my
crew you robbed?
You're nothing but
a bunch of thugs.
And now you gotta
humiliate me like this?
You're just crying 'cause
you got your ass beat.
Don't pin this on us.
You're the one who attacked!
Man up, Man-o-dile.
Croco-man. Whatever...
Brook, you don't even have skin.
You're sitting there shivering,
but you can't be cold, right?
Did you just steal that coat
because you wanted to fit in?
What if I did?
Is it so wrong to want to share
in the suffering of my friends?
"Cold" is a state
of mind, after all.
You don't need skin for that!
We've been able to keep
ourselves warm,
but I fear the others
might not be so fortunate.
If they get frostbite, they
could lose any number of limbs.
That's enough! Just spare us
your gruesome concerns, okay?
[BROWNBEARD pants]
[SUBORDINATE A]
What should we do, Master?
Law and Smoker are having
an all-out battle outside.
Law has made a
nuisance of himself.
He was supposed to make
them leave peacefully.
[SUBORDINATE A] Also, the
pirates took the children
from the Biscuit Room
with them to the front.
They ran into Law,
but it doesn't look like
they're part of the struggle.
[CAESAR CLOWN] Wait, that means
that the Navy saw the children?
[SUBORDINATE A]
Yes sir.
[CAESAR CLOWN] That was
the last thing I wanted.
They might not know what,
but now they know
we're up to something.
At this point,
even if we kill Smoker,
the Navy will only send more
Marines to investigate us.
[MONET]
I thought so.
Huh? I hope you have
something helpful
to contribute to this, Monet.
[MONET]
I know who our intruders are.
[laughs]
Never mind Smoker,
we should have kept a
tighter leash on them.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
Oh, right. I guess
I neglected to tell you.
They already took out
Doctor Vegapunk's dragon,
as well as Brownbeard's
centaur patrol unit.
They did what?
[SUBORDINATE A]
How?
The people that you kidnapped
weren't their only crew members,
just the only crew
members on the ship.
The rest had already set off
for the Burning Lands.
They've since crossed the lake.
I imagine they'll be
here any minute now.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[MONET] At least we know who
we're dealing with. Y'see?
There's no doubting
it's them, right?
The faces match. That's true.
Don't tell me you've never
heard of the Straw Hats!
They're quite famous.
Mostly for picking fights
with the World Government,
which they seem to do
at every opportunity.
That might be convenient.
If they're so notorious,
maybe we can spin a story
with them as the villains!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
They're enemies with
Smoker of the Navy.
That gives us a perfect excuse
to wipe out both groups
of troublemakers and
shift the blame.
Why, we may keep
our secrets yet!
[SUBORDINATE A]
But Master,
I don't see how that's any
different than before.
If we wipe out the G-5 Marines,
then surely HQ would send
another group to investigate.
Well, not if we control
the narrative in advance.
And I know someone
who can help.
[laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Call Joker.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Right!
Okay, we made
it outside. Now what?
We have all these
children and its freezing!
All we can do is run
and figure it out later.
Just like this weird
body-switching thing!
Yeah, what's up with that, bro?
This mess is super confusing me.
It's too cold!
If we don't run
someplace warm,
we'll freeze to death!
Who cares if it's cold?
Not me, I say!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?
[SANJI (NAMI)] Who cares about
the samurai and the brats?
Not me, I say!
[ALL]
What?
[SANJI (NAMI)] More importantly,
where can I find a camera?
I gotta take some pictures
before we all change back!
Pictures of what exactly?
And stop making my nose bleed!
Or your nose or whatever!
If we're making demands, Nami,
then unbutton my shirt so I can
show off my mecha pecs!
I know it's cold.
Hang in there!
We can make it!
We'll figure something out!
[BOY A] I liked it better
when you weren't so nice.
This is kinda creeping me out!
I don't get it.
Did someone play a trick and
make you switch bodies?
It's strange, but that would
appear to be the case.
Just keep running! We're fine!
Although you have my sympathy,
I'm grateful that my
treatment has improved.
It's so cold without my fur!
You humans sure do
have it rough!
[BOY B grunts]
[GIRL B gasps]
You gotta stop! He needs help!
[ALL]
Huh?
[BOY B grunts]
It's too cold.
[GIRL B gasps]
I can't move! I'm freezing!
Me too!
I'm starting to get scared!
Damn it. We should've
taken the kids with us
until we figured
out where to go.
On the upside, I don't feel cold
at all with Chopper's fur on.
[MARINE H pants]
So long, ship.
There's no fixing that.
Come on, just hang
in there, Smokey!
How you doin'?
Got your legs back yet?
You're not in any
pain now, are you?
Hey, you got a foot on
your wrist there, pal,
you're gonna wanna
take care of that.
[MARINE J]
Huh? Aw jeez, you're right!
I don't even know who
this foot belongs to!
[MARINE D] Damn it! We can't
even contact HQ anymore.
We're stranded on
this crappy island!
[MARINE E]
Law's a jerk!
I thought the Warlords
were on our side!
Hey, wait. You can't go fight!
That's nuts! Smokey's got this!
[TASHIGI grunts]
[SMOKER]
There's one thing you always
need to remember, Tashigi!
A pirate's a pirate,
no matter where they go!
They never change!
[TASHIGI gasps]
All Warlords are the same.
He was right.
[gasps]
[SMOKER] You wanna tell me
what you're doing here?
Surely, you're aware that no
one's allowed to step foot
on this island, Law.
Not pirates or
Government allies.
That clear?
[LAW] Hm! I see. Then that means
you aren't allowed either.
Law, what kind of secret would
make you resort to fighting us?
This plan must be why you joined
up with the Seven Warlords,
isn't it? But what the
hell are you after?
[MARINES gasp]
[SMOKER] What we need
is a higher rank.
After that incident at Enies
Lobby, pirates from all over
the world will be looking up
to Straw Hat and his crew.
I see.
I'm putting my pride
on the line here.
I swear I will crush
them in the New World!
[TASHIGI] It's not enough
to just hope for the best.
If we want to fight pirates
in the New World,
we need true conviction.
There's no room for mercy
on this battlefield.
Not anymore.
[pants]
[grunts]
I've never been a fan
of the Warlord system.
Pirates can't be trusted,
no matter who they are.
[LAW]
Hm! Ya got that one right.
[grunts]
[SMOKER]
Huh?
[SMOKER] Law. There's something
big going on here.
And you're only part of it.
[SMOKER] Who is it?
Who's running this show?
[gasps]
[shouts]
[LAW shouts]
[LAW]
You talk first!
[growls]
What's your story?
What are you doing here?
[SMOKER]
Heh.
[grunts]
[LAW] If ya wanna get to
the bottom of something,
then ya gotta broaden
your horizons.
Or you'll miss the truth!
Scalpel!
[breathes heavily]
[SMOKER]
My heart!
You can beg, but I don't have
to tell you a damn thing.
[SMOKER grunts]
[NARRATOR] Smoker collapses
when his heart is taken.
As Law looks coldly
down upon him,
Tashigi and the G-5 are
overcome with anger.
But before they can
avenge thier leader,
Luffy arrives.
Given the connection Luffy and
Law shared during the
War of the Best, this encounter
could change everything.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Meeting Again After Two Years!
Luffy And Law!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!